Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-Terminologies.adoc

=== Feed Boundary

> Feed Boundary is a time milestone used during an Eventing Function or Handler configuration. Using the Feed Boundary option, you can either invoke a handler on all data mutations available in the cluster (Everything) or choose to invoke a handler during future instances of data mutation, post deployment (From now).  However you may Pause/Resume a deployed handler in this case the Feed Boundary is a checkpoint such that no mutations are reprocessed or lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feed Boundary is a time milestone used during an Eventing Function or Handler configuration. Using the Feed Boundary option, you can either invoke a handler on all data mutations available in the cluster (Everything) or choose to invoke a handler to process only future data mutations, post deployment (From now). However once deployed you may Pause/Resume a handler in this case; the Feed Boundary is a checkpoint such that no mutations are reprocessed or lost.
```

Not sure if I've understood this sentence correctly, I'm assuming you mean that (a) if you invoke a Feed Boundary "From Now", you can always pause or resume it in the future; and (b) if you pause the Feed Boundary, no mutations are reprocessed or lost. Please rephrase if I've misunderstood this.

Reviewer 2: Feed Boundary is a time milestone used during an Eventing Function or Handler configuration. Using the Feed Boundary option, you can either invoke a handler on all data mutations available in the cluster (Everything) or choose to invoke a handler to process only future data mutations, post deployment (From now).  However once deployed you may Pause/Resume a handler in this case; the Feed Boundary is a checkpoint such that no mutations are reprocessed or lost.

[ your work is correct but the above slight mod might read better ]

When you are creating a function, you need to specify a source bucket. The handler code watches this bucket via DCP to track data mutations.

NOTE: You can use a common source bucket to listen to multiple Eventing Functions running different code.  However it is less resource intensive to merely code an if-then-else or switch statement in your Handler’s JavaScript.

When a source bucket is deleted, all deployed functions associated with this source bucket, are undeployed.

In the course of processing the handler code, documents can be mutated in a different bucket. For understanding purposes, this bucket can be termed as a destination buckets which are bound to the Function via bucket aliases.

At times, the handler code itself can trigger data mutations on documents. 

> If the handler code directly modifies documents in the source bucket Eventing Service will suppress the mutation back to the Handler making the mutation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the handler code directly modifies documents in the source bucket, the Eventing Service will suppress the mutation back to the Handler making the mutation. 
```

> When implementing multiple Functions it is possible to create infinite recursions, however the Eventing by default will prevent deploying Functions that would result in recursion loops.  It should be noted that not all recursion loops can be detected nor are al recursion loops wrong (the default recursion checks can be disabled). For more detail on cyclic generation of data changes, refer to xref:troubleshooting-best-practices.adoc#cyclicredun[Bucket Allocation Considerations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing multiple Functions it is possible to create infinite recursions, however the Eventing Service by default will prevent you deploying Functions that would result in recursion loops.  It should be noted that not all recursion loops can be detected, nor are all recursion loops wrong -- the default recursion checks can be disabled. For more detail on cyclic generation of data changes, refer to xref:troubleshooting-best-practices.adoc#cyclicredun[Bucket Allocation Considerations].
```

*Metadata Bucket*

> The Metadata Bucket stores artifacts (or configuration documents) such as, DCP streams, worker allocations, timer information, along with internal checkpoint information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metadata Bucket stores artifacts (or configuration documents), such as DCP streams, worker allocations, timer information, along with internal checkpoint information.
```

> When you are creating an Eventing Function, ensure that a separate bucket is designated as a metadata bucket and reserved solely for the internal use of Eventing Service. You can use a common metadata bucket across multiple Eventing Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are creating an Eventing Function, ensure that a separate bucket is designated as a metadata bucket and reserved solely for the internal use of the Eventing Service. You can use a common metadata bucket across multiple Eventing Functions.
```

Allows the handler to be scaled up (or vertical scaling). Each worker process supports two fixed threads of execution, however this setting is limited to a maximum of 64 for system optimization purposes. The system automatically generates a warning message if the number of workers exceeds a set threshold based upon cluster resources, however, in this case the handler can still be deployed.
* *Language compatibility*: The language version of the handler for backward compatibility.
+ 

> If the semantics of a language construct changes in any given release the “language compatibility” setting will ensure an older handler will continue to see the runtime behavior that existed at the time it was authored, until such behavior is deprecated and removed. For example accessing non-existent items from a bucket returns undefined in 6.5.0 while in 6.0.0 an exception is thrown (note, 6.0.0 and 6.5.0 are the only currently defined versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the semantics of a language construct change in any given release, the “language compatibility” setting will ensure an older handler will continue to see the runtime behavior that existed at the time it was authored, until such behavior is deprecated and removed. For example accessing non-existent items from a bucket returns undefined in 6.5.0, while in 6.0.0 an exception is thrown. (Note 6.0.0 and 6.5.0 are the only currently defined versions.)
```

Is there a version defined for 6.6.0?

Reviewer 2: No there was no lang changes

The deploy operation activates an Eventing function or handler. Eventing functions or handlers can be deployed in a cluster.

This operation activates a handler. Source validations are performed, and only valid handlers can be deployed. Deployment transpiles the code and creates the executable artifacts. The source code of an activated (or deployed and running) handler cannot be edited. Unless a handler is in deployed state, it will not receive or process any events. Deployment of a Function creates necessary metadata, spawns worker processes, calculates initial partitions, and initiates check-pointing of DCP stream to processes. 

> Deployment for DCP observer (or Feed Boundary) has three variations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment for DCP observer (or Feed Boundary) has two variations:
```

Only two variations are given in the document? (**Deploy from Start** and **Deploy from Now**)

Author: Updated, need @jon-strabala to confirm that it's two and not three.

Reviewer 2: it's two (2) my mistake
